hot here but once you get moving you
cool right off one of the good things
about riding one of the few good things
about riding at night i got a scooter
keeping up with me what am i doing on it
I'm doing 100 and you just ask me speed
limit here is 50 so I'm doing double to
speed limit
he's gonna beat me to the red light I
wouldn't be surprised to be ran it Oh
shabu-shabu I got like free passes to a
restaurant and that looks like it I
swear that's it is that it I warned them
like not passes but like coupons uh yeah
like coupons but they're not coupons
they're like um he's a paper that says
you know twenty dollars on it and you
can change that for twenty of dollars
and stuff what's that called
not coupon but it's kind of like a
coupon he ripped his engine and then
like two three people around the red
light it's funny when that happens
people do that on purpose you'll be like
everyone stopped at a red light and then
people like me you're looking off the
side someone revs their engine and then
everyone hits the gas thinking that
they're late and then he just gets
smoked by a semi going to the green and
died good for a laugh yeah yeah we're
gonna post this scooter to show them
that he's not actually faster than
funny thing is though like with a
pitiful book with just a little bit of
school scale he can honestly be faster
than me I at one time there was a group
of us a large group of us and we were
all riding motorcycles and we went
traveling like all the way across Taiwan
big group of big motorcycles and there
was like one guy one guy who had the
balls to come along with us or like I
didn't even see the balls it was like
the nerve is like the the I don't know
nothing nerve yeah he was brave enough
or he didn't care about image enough to
come along on the trip on a scooter
there was like one guy just one scooter
and it was like a 125cc scooter wasn't a
big scooter wasn't a special scooter
just a normal 125cc scooter and then we
were a large group and we split up into
like three different groups or something
there was like a slow group a medium
group and a fast group and I think I was
in like the medium group because I was
with my I was with my wife at the time
at the time she was just my girlfriend
she was on the back of my motorcycle so
I just kind of went with the medium
group and just went and then we got
somewhere wait a minute I heard yeah we
got someone no no we were I was wearing
with a fast group that makes more sense
I was riding with the fast group and
then we arrived I like a rest area and I
waited for the medium group to show up
and the slow group to show up and they
both and I was looking for the scooter
guy he was like nowhere and I said nice
to my Levin said yeah look at that we
lost the guy he couldn't keep up with
any of the groups he's just gone and
then we go to the next rest area and
he's there and I'm like and he was like
there ahead of me and I'm like what and
what had happened was he had made it to
the first rest stop where I was waiting
for him before me and then he had left
early and then I showed up at it he was
like just quick as hell and I was riding
at a time I was riding a bike that's
faster than this bike I was riding a 250
cc two-stroke racing bike like a MotoGP
freaking 250 racer and I had the most
difficulty keeping up with this stuff
because what he would do was he would
bring his scooter up to like 120 which
was like its maximum speed and then he
would just hold it there period he would
never ever touch the brake this kind of
traffic swear to God he would do like
between 100 120 and this you just held
it there he just flying flying flying
just picking life he'd never slowly when
everyone went below like a hundred
he was just amazing it he was brave as
hell and he had skill and he was just
really good at picking picking lanes
picking lines he's very impressive you
know and like he was it was embarrassing
to everyone else because he had every we
were riding everything GSXR CBR 600 you
know 1000 is you name it we had it and
he was quicker than everyone he was
generally like in the first three people
to get somewhere out of and then we had
like over 40 50 motorcycles and he was
in the police like in the quickest three
and he's on a little scooter he just had
balls of steel is what it was like to be
on a scooter like this and just and to
bring it up so high in traffic like this
you know we had the power but we just
know none of us dare to do 120 on a road
like this and he did so so every time
there was a there was traffic like this
he would just fly off on his own and
we'd slow down and then once class have
it cleared up then we could do high
speeds and and maybe catch up with him
if he had his bike max out of 120 and we
could still do 180 or 200 whatever our
bikes could do yeah he was a it was
impressive
anyways I'm going to shut up and try to
ride fast
what the fuck you looking at